Docs: Plugin-tools intro material - Doc review chunk 6 (#258)
grafana/plugin-tools: docusaurus/docs/creating-a-plugin.mdx

/>

:::info

> When promoted, enter answers to the given questions. For example: 

Reviewer: Should this be promoted or prompted?

Author: fixed

Select from the following choices:

- **app**: Create a custom out-of-the-box monitoring experience.
- **datasource**: Add support for new databases or external APIs.
- **panel**: Add new visualizations to dashboards.

To learn more about the types of plugins, refer to the [plugin management guidelines](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/administration/plugin-management/).

### Do you want a backend part of your plugin?

> App and datasource plugins can have a backend component written in Go. Backend plugins offer powerful features such as:

Reviewer: Normally, data source is two words. However, sometimes in the UI it's one word or there are a lot of uses of "datasource" instead of "data souce", making clean-up out of scope. 
```suggestion
App and data source plugins can have a backend component written in Go. Backend plugins offer powerful features such as:
```
